output/README.md, before:


  
  # The Best README.md Document Ever!

  # Table of Contents

  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Test](#test)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Description:

   ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg "License Badge")
   

    This project was designed using Node.js.
  
  ## Installation:

    The user must install Node.js, fs and inquirer to run this application.

  ## Usage:

    This application was designed to be used to create a professional README.md document in a very swift manner.

  ## Contributon:

    Myself, with the help of UCSD Trilogy Coding Bootcamp instructor and tutor.

  ## Test:

    None at this time.
  
  ## Credits:

    Myself, my instructor and my tutor.

  ## License:

    For more information about the license, please click on the link below:

  - [License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
  ## Questions:

      For questions about this Readme Generator, you can go to my Github page at the following link:

  - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/Guled06)

  For additional questions, please reach me at my email at: akindnesstoremember@gmail.com

Commit message:

added the answeres to the prompt questions in the readme.md file

output/README.md, after:


  
  # The Best README.md Document Ever!

  # Table of Contents

  - [Description](#description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Contribution](#contribution)
  - [Test](#test)
  - [Credits](#credits)
  - [License](#license)
  - [Questions](#questions)

  ## Description:

   ![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-blue.svg "License Badge")
   

    This project was designed by using Node.js and inquirer.
  
  ## Installation:

    The user must install Node.js and inquirer in order to run this application in his/her computer.

  ## Usage:

    This application is designed to allow the user to generate a readme document swiftly.

  ## Contributon:

    Myself with the help of the UCSD Trilogy Coding Bootcamp.

  ## Test:

    None at this time.
  
  ## Credits:

    Myself, My Instructor and My Tutor.

  ## License:

    For more information about the license, please click on the link below:

  - [License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)
  
  ## Questions:

      For questions about this Readme Generator, you can go to my Github page at the following link:

  - [GitHub Profile](https://github.com/Guled06)

  For additional questions, please reach me at my email at: akindnesstoremember@gmail.com
